osquery: re-init at 5.5.1 (#201562)
NixOS/nixpkgs: nixos/doc/manual/release-notes/rl-2311.section.md

- `programs.gnupg.agent.pinentryFlavor` is now set in `/etc/gnupg/gpg-agent.conf`, and will no longer take precedence over a `pinentry-program` set in `~/.gnupg/gpg-agent.conf`.

> - The `osquery` package and an an experimental `services.osquery` module have been re-added.

Reviewer: It's a new service, not just a package, please move it to "New Services" and drop the mention of the package, it's redundant.

> - The `osquery` package and an an experimental `services.osquery` module has been re-added at version 5.5.1.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The `osquery` package and an an experimental `services.osquery` module have been re-added.
```
This might no longer be true when 23.11 comes out
